Add review count remaining to top of review page
create the deck manage page for various deck-specific settings
    add ability to export individual decks from the deck manage page
    Allow custom review limits per deck per card type (new, mature, leech, etc.)
improve stats page to include more review stats, including one like what the Anki app has
use chess.com username to scan all historical games by that user for auto add card creation
    cards should be created using the following criteria for scanning a game:
        1. check if the game has been previously scanned
        2a. if the game has been previously scanned, skip that game. Load the next game to be scanned and revert to step 1.
        2b. if the game has not been previously scanned, begin with the first move of a game and proceed to step 3
        3. check if that position exists in cards.json
        4a. if the position exists in cards.json, no need to analyze the position. Go to step 5
        4b. if the position does not exist in cards.json, run make-card on that position, then go to step 5
        5. check what move the user played when in that position in that game.
        6a. if in the game being scanned the user played the move that stockfish deemed as best, continue to step 7.
        6b. if in the game being scanned the user did not play the move that stockfish deemed as best, move to the next game that the user played and revert to step 1. Repeat until no games are left to scan.
        7. add the user's move and the opponent's move to the review pgn for a new card to be added, then revert to step 2 to create that next card.
implement correct display order (oldest due date?)
implement correct new card display order (child of longest interval parent?)
improve scheduling (FSRS?)
    allow customization to scheduling algorithm?
Implement other flashcard review features from within the Anki app to this app (stats, settings, buttons, customizations, deck options, etc.)
add/remove items from the file,edit,view,window,help bar on tooltips
    ensure that the basic menu buttons are all real features in the app (copy, paste, redo, etc.)
add a field to track sibling answers to minimize differences.
    it should be preferred that an answer that meets the "other answer" criteria is selected if it is the answer on a sibling card
cleanup files that aren't needed
add feature to import cards.json file from user
Add daily opening game challenge
    every day, a new sequence of theoretical opponent moves is chosen and one of the best moves is always expected as the answer
    how many moves deep can you make it without messing up
    best/other answers would both be accepted based based on 0.2 acceptance threshold and 20 possible lines max, but the game will always only continue via the user's best line (that way branches don't need to be calculated)
    computer/opponent choice of line will be (seeded and) decided using weighted probability of normal player moves for first 3 moves, then random choice of best/other answers for each move that follows
    pre-calculated moves will only go so deep (~30 moves?), but the user can use their machine to calculate further (then use their machine to share the answer with a server for others to use?)
    log the line that was played with the date it was assigned for users to play previous day's lines
    maybe implement a similar game for endgames and middle games
    add a rating system based on performance in each game over time
    Also track time to solve and add as a 4th dimension of rating (speed rating)
    add as a discord game/activity
convert application to run on an iphone/android